# Instructor feedback
## Progress evaluation :scroll:
- :white_check_mark: Spotbugs and Checkstyle is set up
- :white_check_mark: Code coverage tool (jacoco) is set up
- :white_check_mark: Mutation testing tool (pitest) is set up
- :white_check_mark: BVA is found.
- :white_check_mark: TDD workflow is followed.
- :white_circle: Team has been conducting good manual code review on PR.
- :white_check_mark: Good progress on Game Setup Phase.

## Comments :speech_balloon:
Overall pretty good!

1. :white_circle: Team has been conducting good manual code review on PR.

Comment: Most of the PRs don't have a lot of code review comments. This could mean one of the two things. 
One, the code is pretty clean and no review is needed! Two, more code review efforts should have been done. 
There are some opportunities for code review in the code in main right now. For instance, in Game,
```
  else if (numberOfPlayers == 4 || numberOfPlayers == 5 || numberOfPlayers == 6 || numberOfPlayers == 7) {
```
I will probably suggest encapsulate the condition into a private method, as Uncle Bob discussed in the textbook.

2. the build folder and .idea should not have been tracked by git (aka pushed into the repository).
The repository is used for tracking source files (code, resources, build script etc.), 
not binary/executables and the files generated by the build tool. 
You would want to create a branch and PR for deleting those files from the repository and
change .gitignore to ignore those files (so they will not be added and pushed into the repository).
