# Instructor Project Meeting Minutes

**Time**: Week 7

**Attendees**:
- Clement Kubica
- Emran Majidy
- Aryaman Chawla
- Patrick Chen

**Late Attendees**:

**Absent**:

**Note Taker**: Yiji Zhang

## Agenda

### Progress Evaluation
Overall, no red flags.

### Questions from the team (about design, linter, tests, etc.)
1. BVA and code in one PR? -- that's okay
2. Suggested one PR per CARD not per person.
3. UI: okay to depend on other domain classes other than Game? Yes
4. Win condition: just one win condition? -- yes it is.
5. expansion packs: all in one game? -- that's good.
6. code coverage and mutation for shuffle(): it's indeed challenging when using the static shuffle method. It's not impossible, but it's okay to be an exception for code coverage and mutation testing.

### Teamwork
#### Strength: What has been working well
meet once every week, communicate often via messages about code

#### Concerns: What can be improved
N/A :D.
